In this lecture, we can talk about how we can embed our text representation of data into vector representation
using the embedding models.
As I told you in the first lecture of this section, we are going to have quite a lot of different,
uh, ways to embed the models.
And we are going to be using the O Lama, of course, to perform the embedding.
And we are going to use this particular piece of code, the O Lama embedding.
And the model that we are going to be using is going to be Lama 3.2.
In this particular case, and this way, this embedding can help us do the vectorization of the piece
of text that we are going to be passing.
And you know that we have already splitted the text into multiple chunks, so we can now easily split
them all.
I mean, embed them all over here.
So let's see how we can actually do that.
So I'm gonna again go back to my notebook uh, over here.
And I'm going to do uh, part three which is the embedding part.
So I'm going to do that and I'm going to add the code there.
So once again for the piece of code I'm just going to say uh, link chain, uh, underscore olama,
uh, and I'm going to import the olama embeddings.
And this will help us do the embedding, as I told you.
So I'm going to say embedding Olama embedding.
And the model which I'm going to be using, uh, is going to be a lemma 3.2 latest model.
So I already have the particular model.
As you remember we we used that before as well.
So I'm going to use that particular model which I have already downloaded within my local machine.
So in order to check how this embedding is going to create the vector, I'm just going to quickly show
you how the vector is going to look like.
So I'm going to say uh vector underscore one is equal to maybe embeddings uh dot embed query.
And over here I'm going to say all splits because this is the one that has got all of the splits.
I'm just going to take the first one from the split just zero.
And I'm going to use the page content over here.
So this is going to be the first vector.
And I'm going to create a second vector.
So vector two probably I'm going to say I'll split off one.
So I mean the first split.
So this zero is the first split one is the second split.
I'm going to take that out over here.
And I'm going to do a small assertion here.
So I'm going to say assert of the length of the vector one is equal to length of the vector two.
So look at that.
Basically I'm just going to see if so what is going to be the length of both of them.
Are they both are equal.
So we're going to assert that.
And then we are going to print the uh the generated uh vector lengths.
So I'm going to say print uh length of the vector.
Uh oops.
Vector one over here.
So let's see what's going to basically happen.
So if I try to run this particular code over here look at that.
Now this embedding is happening and the assertion has got passed as you can see over here.
So both the vector has got same exact length.
So this vector one has got the same length as opposed to uh the second vector.
So that is how the vector splitting is going to happen using this embedding model that we have got.
And you will notice that uh, we are also going to do, uh, the length and the length of the vector
one is this one.
And I'm also going to print the, uh, probably the length of vector one and length of vector two.
I'm just going to put a comma there.
And if I try to print it out look at that.
The vector length of vector one and vector two are pretty much exactly the same.
This is the reason why we need to use this embedding.
And because once we do this embedding, we can then start using this vector for the, uh, for the storage
in the vector stores and from vector stores, we can then retrieve the value, uh, along with the large
language model to perform the sequence matchings and stuff.
Those things we are going to be doing later on.
So this is the embedding part.
I know this is very straightforward because we are using the llama embedding.
But there are some uh, cases where you will be using different sort of embedding for that matter.
And I am trying to use the most simplest version while building the, uh, while building this particular
rack application, but depends upon the nature and complexity of your application and use case.
You may be using different embedding for that matter.